Week 1:

#1) What is software engineering?-got an overview on it but still was not clear what it meant.
#2) Tried designing the “Candy Crush Saga'' game even more effectively by the class activity.Group learning and team work played a very important role...Really amazed about the way the class started with the game activity!! :)
#3) The course logistics and agenda was quiet interesting and challenging!!
- Hackathon vs mid-sem??
- For extra credits encouraging to submit late assignments
 


Week 2:


#1) I have learnt the diffrent types of life cycle models. Felt that Agile models were comparitively easier than traditional models.
- Life Cycle Models
view of : Build and fix model and waterfall model
- (i) Traditional Models(plan-driven)
view of: Classical Waterfall model-> idealistic
-(ii) Agile Models\ Agile Manifesto
#2) Also learnt about the significance and use of few life cycle models
 Iterative waterfall model-> mostwidely used model
Prototype model-> Suitable for projects
Evolutionary Model -> for large problems
#3) 4 values, 4 basic activities and 12 Practises were something interesting that i felt
#4) Also learnt that “i cannot say i dont know'' i will have to learn it!


Week 3:

#1)I have learnt about Requirements Engineering...what it is..and what does it mean.
-users in informal world,computers in formal world,link both of them
-Functional requirements(basic,implicit needs in the productand generally expected)
-Cano Model, Requirements Engg(informal world), Design Engg(formal world)
 #2)Critical mind activity took place  when we had to fix the project proposals(5 project ideas in about an hour and all of them being rejected by Sir).
#3)Understood that there are many things that had to be known by now..but know nothing and have to learn all of them now.(UML, Use-Case Diagrams... :( )

Week 4:

#1)learnt about agile manifesto and 'scrum'approach and how to use it in our team projects.
#2)learnt about Product backlog,burndown chart and also discussed the backlogs for the group project.
#3)Had a discussion with Sir, regarding the project and came up with even more innovative things like to make an app generator.
#4)learnt about the estimation methodologies,technologies and functional points and algorithmic measures.
#5)Demings philosophy and COCOMO.

Week 5:

#1) Group design activity and how to draw usecase, user stories for a project.
#2) Also learnt about the various requirements methods - srs, user stories and use cases.
#3) Interviewing any customer and noting down his requirements and to convince him on our product. 


Week 6:

#1) Group design activity - learnt how to design a software.
#2) Learnt about design cycle, design fields and also design notation.
#3) also came to know why software design is challenging, what are the seven difficulties every software designer faces...
#4) Key Points on how to design an efficient user interface design, screen layout and appearance.
